Hey, everybody, Jimmy here with bright insight.
What you're looking at are photos that I took myself.
And at the end of this presentation,
I'm gonna show you three different videos as well that I took while deployed to
Iraq in August of 2010 while in Mosel and Mosel is located in the
NVA province, which is historically famous in that.
There's a story from the Bible of Jonah who was swallowed up by the whale.
And three days later,
he got out and apparently he immediately went to the gates of NAL,
which is the exact location where you see me standing here. And yeah,
that's me in the photographs trying to look cool.
<laugh> so these gates have been largely restored,
but many aspects like the wall, uh, for example,
ha is completely original except for the top pieces. Like look at this photo,
fear of the guard tower, where you see that there's been mortar,
that's been added to restore the blocks,
but the rest of the blocks are completely just stacked upon each other.
And the wall exceeds more than 30 feet high.
And I'll show you some of the figures here in a second. Now, these wing bowls,
as they're referred to, as they're also known as the LA MASU,
they're very mysterious.
The only thing archeologists can come up with is that they must,
because they're not sure that they must originate from the Asan culture,
approximately 3000 BC. So in other words,
5,500 years ago, or 4,500, or excuse me,
1000 years before the pyramids allegedly were built because the textbooks tell
us that they were built 4,500 years ago, which I disagree with. But that aside,
these are a thousand years older than the pyramids are supposed to be.
They're absolutely massive. There's dozens of them that exist.
There's some in museums in Baghdad and they also have been found in Iran,
which is pretty incredible. So whoever made these, uh,
were part of a civilization that was very vast,
which historically we know that Sumerians come from Mesopotamia and they covered
a vast areas. So it's pretty incredible. Now the area itself,
basically there's nine gates from what I understand,
and it's surrounded by this wall, which is absolutely huge. I mean,
compared to the size of that van right there.
Now it's also worth mentioning that the Iraqis do not take good care of this
location at all. It's surrounded by a bunch of burnt out,
blown up and shot up cars and vehicles from the war. It's pretty,
it pretty screwed up. Um,
and right across the street from it is an Iraqi police station,
which is what we were doing there. And I was one of,
I was very privileged to be able to go up and check out these, uh,
these statues myself. And again, at the end of the video, I'll show you some,
some actual video of it, uh, and me, uh, shooting it, which is pretty hilarious.
But I remember going there and walking up as you can see this,
which is original, from what I understand, or at least it appears to be,
and I couldn't help, but imagine who,
how many armies and people had walked up this before and just been completely
just,
it was really interesting being there personally and being able to witness it,
cuz I knew I was in a very special,
old place that was full of mystery and God knows how much well history within in
itself. Now,
as you can see in this photo of this plaque and it's trying to depict,
which appears to be slaves.
And I say that because the person on the middle on the left appears to be
whipping them as they carry up. What appears to be, I don't know,
one of these statues or perhaps a person, a dead person, a coffin,
I don't know. Now I also need to mention that these statues themselves,
as you can see in this photo here was buried when they found it,
which is really interesting, cuz how is it buried?
And when this site in itself is also famous,
because you may have seen it on the news a couple years ago when ISIS was seen,
uh, breaking them up with, uh, Jack hammers and sledgehammers and uh,
just pretty pathetic. I don't even think that they destroyed them entirely.
They showed some,
I remember seeing video of it and they were having difficulty even with the
sledgehammers and with the jackhammer. Because again, this is quartz guys.
This is really hard stuff.
And if you go watch some video of them actually trying to beat it, uh, I mean,
yeah, they break it up,
but it didn't look too easy and that's with fricking power tools.
So it really makes you wonder now look at these other photographs of the wall.
And again,
it surrounds an area that is apparently 12 kilometers I think is the perimeter.
Um, and I'm gonna show a picture up here that has the description that's poorly
translated, but uh, you can read it for yourself, press.
Now if you wanna read it. But again,
I wanna point out just the amazing precision.
It it's not until you touch these things yourself. I remember knocking on these,
these statues with my, with my hand, with my knuckles,
even though I was wearing a glove, it still hurts.
I was astonished by just how solid and hard it feels.
And when you look at just the fine details they have within the beard,
the feathers and the underbelly of this being that this person,
this guy's face with a big beard and this ox or horse body with massive wings.
It's I don't what made them come up with this and why did they build dozens of
them in the first place? Is it just symbolism? I mean really? What is this?
Is this part of something else that we just can't even imagine? I have no idea,
but the precision in it's.
So I can't imagine the fact that this is made out of court site,
which is a seven outta 10 on the most scale of hard.
I mean it's harder than rose granite. Okay.
So it makes you wonder how they were able to do something so detailed,
even if they had steel, which we know they didn't, it's a bronze age culture,
allegedly where these came from.
So they shouldn't have had anything other than copper to work with and modern
day utilize diamond bit drills. And they,
they acknowledge that because of the hardness.
You can't even shape these without having steel,
but even if I had a steel pick, even if they had that,
let's say which apparently they don't, but if they did,
and we're just not aware of it,
I couldn't even imagine doing something so precise because quartzite is full of
crystals. So it would be so rugged and or rigid, I should say. Uh,
and breaking up. I don't know guys. Yeah, to me,
this is absolute evidence of lost ancient high technology.
And there's far more to the story of these wing bulls than what the fricking
Wikipedia page says. So, uh, keep that in mind now real quick.
I wanna show you these photographs. So when I was in Mosel, I was on fab Marez,
which is part of, uh, diamond back, which was the air base.
There doesn't exist anymore, obviously since we left, but St.
Elijah's monastery, which is Iraq's oldest monastery,
apparently which originates from the sixth century.
So in the year 500 something this was made and it has a rich history that,
well, apparently it's been massacred multiple times, uh,
by invaders and everyone else, but, uh,
it's incredibly old and it makes you wonder the story behind it for something
that is, again, we're talking 1500 years ago, this was built, uh,
but ISIS also blew it up or bulldozed it. You can see it in these photos here.
And that was on the news not long ago, but, uh, or a few years ago.
So it's pretty disturbing. Anyways, guys, let me know your thoughts.
Take a look at these videos.
Now I'm gonna go ahead and play for you back to back.
Two of 'em are at the site of Neal and the third one is just driving past the,
uh, St.
Elijah Mona monastery on the way to the test fire pit before going on mission in
Iraq. Anyways, guys, I'm Jamie, this is bright insight like in subscribe,
leave a comment. Watch the videos coming up right in now.
Yeah. <laugh> we touristed Iraq.
Yeah, these are, yeah, those are nice.
Are they
okay?
Okay.
I.